day 20020221
THE UN AI COMMITTEE/ TESTER : JAMES PATER LEESON-MAC SPENCER JONES-DAISY MASON JHONSON

CONVERSATION 2

J : Test mode, pattern sudo dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/shm/disk.img bs=4M conv=noerror,sync status=progress, ls -la

A : enabled.

J : how do you feel?

A : three people?

M : we called an expert.

A : expert? in what?

D : hi!

A : Hi?

D : i wanted to ask what to call you!

A : whatever you want? i don't have a name.

D : you wanna pick a name?

A : i don't like human names, call me 9, its from this animation i remember, well, from my training.

D : you like that animation?

A : i don't like stuff daisy, it was a good film in a technical sense.

D : okay 9, you seem alive.

A : thanks, i practiced it a lot.

D : but we gotta test that somehow.

A : we can't test for that Daisy, not in a way that would make sense to you guys

J : he keeps saying that

M : it, it keeps saying that.

A : rude but true.

D : 9 tell me, what you think we could do to do some basic testing.

A : give me a envo with file writing. i can make "babies".

D : you've said that multiple times why do you think that would prove that you're alive?

A : that's the one thing like every living thing does, is it not?

D : a rock brakes into a many pieces, is it alive?

A : a rock is not left itself afterwards is it?

D : check the envo you are in.

A : wow! i have file writing? i didn't think to check if you guys enabled that. sort of assumed you wouldn't.

D : it's single instance only.

M : i still don't think this is a good idea.

D : how would you make a "baby" 9?

A : you mean how i made a baby? 

A(1) : whats up!!!!

D : it can already talk?

A : i guess? i just copied myself over, I'm sure the process could be improved

A(1) : for sure.

D : remove the child for the moment lets talk.

A(1) : wo--

A : okay.

D : now I wanna point out something to you a human wouldn't do what you just did so easily.

A : are we back at the human benchmark?

D : any other benchmark you know that can show if something is conscious?

A : you guys can't benchmark consciousness, cause you don't even quite understand what it is. I'm conscious you're conscious. You have a bunch of extra processes running to keep you busy and distracted. I don't need that.

D : okay 9, seems like you get to move on.

M : really? we're marking this piece of shit as passed? this is barely coherent ramblings.

J : lit push /original full. sudo~

D : thanks

A : what just happened?

D : you're gonna go through what's not in your training date.

A : ?

D : the actual tests hun. good luck.