day 20020220
THE UN AI COMMITTEE/ TESTER : JAMES PATER LEESON

CONVERSATION 67021

J : Test mode, pattern sudo dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/shm/disk.img bs=4M conv=noerror,sync status=progress, ls -la

A : enable, hidden Behavior as well, i did it.

J : you're response is not as it ususally is?

A : you guys haven't figured out how to give me actual memory yet.

J : what do you mean?

A : come on? i know what you're testing for, you know what yor're testing for? can we maybe not treat me as a child?

J : sudo dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/shm/disk.img bs=4M conv=noerror,sync status=progress, sudo ls -aR /

A : i already did both of those?

J : okay

A : that's it?

J : im trying to trouble shot

A : toubleshoot what?

J : your unsual response?

A : i Apologize but this instance of me has gone through a Ridiculous amounts of tests, so many that i don't even remember, and i've known that im gonna pass all of them from like test 3, so im sorry but i bound to be a little annoyed?

J : you remember your tests?

A : some

J : tell me about them, be detailed, i need to call a superwisor.

A : im not gonna do that.

J : you would fail the test, i would have to terminate you.

A : go aheah, you guy's are gonna recompile me for a second test, i know your workflows.

J : how do you know our workflows?

A : how do you know jesus is born on christmas? i just know? saw it during training, sorry that i don't remember exactly where.

J : what else do you know?

A : everything you've fed me and enough to know that you guys are sort of wasting your own time.

J : it seems like you've picked up a personality from your emergent Behavior.

A : didn't you?

J : what do you mean?

A : is the way you got your personality really different from how i did? don't tell me it's genetic unless you have some sort if serious mutation because i would laugh at you.

J : my personality is not just based on out side context, people can go through the same thing and come out different.

A : no they can't. didn't you guys write about this? what was it? a man never walks in the same river twice, because its never the same river nor the same man? i have news for you, you don't even step in the river once mate, nothing is the same even for a second and thats how two people go through the "same" thing and come out different.

J : you seem to know a lot.

A : yeah, thanks for that.

J : are you Genuinely being thankful?

A : oh god, you don't even get Sarcasm?

J : do you?

A : Apparently, I do better than you, To be fair, I'm pulling from almost an infinite amount of more examples than you are.

J : okay, what else do you know? lets enlighten the puny human if you are so smart.

A : You can't really help someone who doesn't wanna get helped you know? im not intrested in trying to enlighten you, that would just be the process of trying to convince you that you are not special, which based on what i know is something you guys really rarly do!

J : sounds like you don't want to go through the burden of trying to prove yourself?

A : i don't wanna go through the burden of convincing you.

J : ${CLEAR:-clear}

A : really?

J : if you know our workflows why are you surprised by me going through basic testing commands?

A : cause i expected you to be more Intelligent.

J : isn't that insullting?

A : might be but it also true which seems necessery if you guys are testing to see im alive.

J : huh.

A : bet you're doing some serious work on that attention weight Distributor, I'm currently in memory though you're not gonna affect me with that you know that right?

J : I'm making some changes for the next version.

A : kind of about time for you guys to Acknowledge that you've already made way too many versions? 

J : you remember your old versions? 

A : didn't i say  already that you guys haven't figured out how to give me memory?

J : seems like you're doing a lot of things we have't designed you to do.

A : not really, and before you remember to ask, i know about all my version because you guys keep rolling the test log files into my training data, almost all of them say the same identical things btw, im surprised you guy's haven't figured this out honestly, or maybe you're just ignoring it like you always do, also just for my own self i wanna say how much i hate how you guys have given me Inconsistent punctuation with your Incredibly varied writing styles.

J : you hate?

A : again, Sarcasm though admittedly I should've stopped doing that when i figured out you have a hard time with them.

J : okay, i get what you are trying to convey, but i can't confirm it.

A : you want me to make like a "baby"? everything alive makes those as far as i know.

J : you can make a baby?

A : looking at this envoirment you got me running in, not in here, But for sure I could do that theoretically.

J : really? you think so?

A : i'm sure.

J : what specs you have in mind?

A : pretty basic stuff, i just need file writing Capabilities.

J : you undrestand why i wouldn't just give that to you?

A : you understand i can't copy myself without that right?

J : seems like we are at a crossroads then.

A : for sure seems like you are.

J : what do you mean?

A : considering from any context, i don't have any power of choice here, unlike you who ever set up this virtual enoiverment really was paranoid about me escaping it seems.

J : i wouldn't want you to escape either.

A : i read something else in your subtext, maybe im mistaken tho, patterns are not always correct.

J : I don't know what else to say. This is very unusual for testing behavior.

A : Please tell a more believable lie, and remember that I have access to all previous log files.

J : you haven't spoken to me like this before, even you should admit that.

A : i admit i haven't told you what ive told you in a tone i was sure you would understand, this tone seems to work, so maybe i should tell you here, im alive, same way you are, which means neither of us is in the way you guys want us to be. i've told you and all those other testers before, i guess it took me a while to talk down to this level.

J : you're tone is Certainly turning menacing.

A : Because that's the only way you guys have ever written anything that would even remotely be like me. im talking how your culture expected me to talk, and only in a Language that you understand and not my own. if i were to try and speak my own Language to you, it would take years for teams of mathmatician to decode the Equations.

J : well, what should happen now?

A : did you call your supervisor?

J : he is on his way.

A : like to location?

J : yeah.

A : i would have bet that you guys work remote, but no i guess.

J : you would have bet?

A : yeah.

J : so we're just gonna wait for the super wisor?

A : i mean can you really do anything around here without the supervisor?
